Yeah, I think that's really great if they do actually
Okay guys, we're recording that way you guys don't have to scroll down notes. You can just listen to try and you can watch it back.
Yep, just 1 min pitch.
And this, this is the 1 min pitch, right? So the format is you're each gonna go 1 min pitch.
I'm gonna give you feedback on it. We're gonna get through this in an hour, right?
Yeah, well, I tell them we'll see how many we can do. So why don't you guys throw your names in the chat?
Alright.
I'll just do 1st come 1st serve and we'll see how many we can get through. Troy, we have, last Friday we worked on Q&A with them and then last Tuesday we worked on video storyboard.
So I think everyone should start by saying, 10 second, what is your company? Actually, you're going to say it in the pitch.
Don't say that. Start by saying the objective of your pitch and video, which one is 1st and just give context because Troy hasn't seen either one.
Why don't you throw your names in the chat? Or who wants to go 1st that way I can keep a log.
Okay, we'll just start with you.
I would, if it's okay to have, to also do it even though I got some feedback last time.
Yeah, no, everyone should go if we have time. Tell try like what order you're doing pitch video and what are your objectives for each of the 3?
So yes, context.
Yes, so I'm doing pitch 1st video second QA last and the objective of the pitch is to give a bit of context about what we do and who we are.
So the 3 points are what we generally do, team and a little bit about traction and then the product video will show how the product works a little bit without giving away too much information hopefully.
Should I go?
Alright.
Yeah, all time you, whenever you're ready.
Okay, 3, 2, one. The average US musician makes $20,000 per year in total income and yet Taylor Swift earned over 1 billion dollars on her latest storm.
Why is there such a big discrepancy? We're gonna help solve that. Musicians are musicians not because they are good business people.
They're musicians because they love to make music. That's why they hire managers. The problem is their managers don't always know what to do.
Let me introduce you to Sikata. Cicada partners with managers to help them do their job better and make more money for musicians.
We do this by focusing on the actual concert experience. That's by far the most profitable part of the live music business.
And yet, musicians are still leaving money on the table there. Sakena combines monetization with audience engagement and data give gathering to us to create new revenue streams at every game.
It's already being used by musicians in 12 countries which makes perfect sense because my co-founder and I built that for ourselves.
We are both professional musicians and technical people. Mark is a full stack engineer and a professional jazz basis that I'm the world's most highly awarded classical guitarist.
I've performed over 450 countries on 5 continents. I use the K and every gig I play and let's not take a look at how it works.
Okay, that was 1 0 3 before Troy jumps in just really quick. Mutia, you and I, we have the same problem.
We speak way too quickly. We're gonna need to cut some so that you can slow down because it was barely comprehensible because of how much you were rushing through the team part.
Yeah.
I love that you want to mention Mark. The team part should wait till Q&A. So basically you say this great business and you're like, also my team is awesome.
Here's like Marcus somewhere in the crowd. He's great. He's a musician too. Just save that.
There are a couple more things we could save to Q&A. I'll wait for try to say.
But we just wanna cut a lot, probably like 10 or 15 seconds so that we can slow down a lot.
Yeah, so my one comment slow down, but not only slow down, this is really important for everybody.
Don't just slow down. Use your voice to punctuate what's important. And there are other times where you can talk really fast on stuff that isn't as important.
Okay.
Right? And so what makes for an interesting pitch is when your voice changes both in its pacing. And in its volume, right?
And it just makes it way more interesting. The example I give people is
Okay, you know, we did. You muted her. The exam, Jala, we were getting your, your humming in the background.
We muted you. But the example I give people is, you know, all caps in an email is really great if you want to emphasize a word, but if you send the whole email in all caps, it's annoying.
Your pitch was in all caps. The whole thing was just all caps, right? So think about using that variation.
The other thing that struck me, so obviously we worked on this before, I'm biased because I like the opening.
I don't feel like you gave me enough. Of the how. And maybe you're gonna see that in the.
Video so maybe the goal of the video is the how but I feel like you're like yeah and we're gonna make them more money in concerts and we're gonna give them audience interaction we're gonna do But I didn't understand the how.
And maybe it's good because maybe you can tease that. And then when you talk about the video, so now you can say, and I think you did say something like, now let's see how it works.
But I thought that was generally pretty good. You've got to cut out some. And here's how you think about that.
If your house is on fire. And you have time to run in and grab some stuff, you probably know what you're gonna grab.
The things that are not replaceable. The paper photographs of your grandmother, you know, the whatever the things that that are not replaceable.
Guess what, dude, your pitch is on fire. You only get to grab 60 seconds worth of stuff and you have about a hundred 20 seconds worth of stuff in there because you talk so fast.
So what are you gonna grab? What are you gonna keep? So think about it like my pitch is on fire.
I can't grab everything. What's most important? I think that's a good a good framework to use for this so but I think you're off to a great start.
Thank you so much. Thank you so much.
Awesome.
Yep.
Yeah, it was really stronger too. We just need to cut some move it to a different spot. Kelvin is next.
Yeah, good day everyone. So, I'm going, we're going to do the pitch 1st followed by the demo video and the pitch is essentially to outlined a problem statement and then what we do in a nutshell and the demo video is going to capture how we do what we do and the Traction or at a potential.
Okay, got it.
Other aspects of the business and more chart in the Q&A. So I'm starting. Now.
So in I grew up in Nigeria when I had 4% of the population pay out of pocket for health care.
So in 2,019 when I was asked the focus of my master's research, my answer was simple how to make health care more affordable.
This single equation as it could in my mind throughout the 13 years of medical practice and go lava in the past 4 years as I treated the mentality ill in the Uk's NHS.
There is an acute shortage of therapists compared to the overwhelming demand and this problem is 20 times worse in the United States.
One in 5 adults in the US offer for mental health issues and majority of these cannot afford therapy. I'm Kelvin Alan, a co-founder and CEO of Might Helper, a company that improves access to mental health care by providing online group therapy as a service.
True mind helper is single license therapist walking 30 h in a week can see 300 patients instead of just 30.
The group model has shown to be very effective as we sing with alcoholic anonymous and our mission is to take it online where most people are these days and make it affordable so that those suffering can get the help they desperately need.
We're going to show you how it works.
How are we on time, Llanna?
That was 1 0 8.
Yeah, so again. It felt long. And what does what does the peanut gallery have to say?
What does the
Everybody else, I want to hear your peers. Yes, way too fast.
That's us. It's way, way too fast. Way too far.
Go ahead, Valeria.
I think you're going pretty fast. Go ahead.
Not us.
I was gonna say I feel like Oh. I was gonna say I feel like there wasn't many like intonation changes in your voice like everything went at like a very I like the same pace and at the same like intonation I think it'd be useful to put breaks in there to inflect your voice when something's more important than the other like treat it more like a conversation rather than a pitch like if you're explaining it to
a friend rather than just like I don't know, reading it off the script. Like I feel like.
100% Valeria. Yep. It felt like you were in a race, Kelvin. You were like racing to get this thing done.
Okay.
And And then the other thing is that you are at a slight disadvantage. I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but you do have an accent.
Yeah.
Accents are hard for people who aren't familiar with your accent. And so I found I was working really hard to try to process each word and when those words were coming fast.
That inhibited my ability to kind of step back and just absorb it. And so even more so is it important if you have an accent.
To enunciate. To speak clearly and slowly. lilliana, do you remember the, did you watch the, Pitch from Pictureen with his French accent.
Oh, a long time ago, yeah. I remember that.
Okay, I'm in a pit. I'm gonna put in the chat. It's gonna take me one second to get there.
I'm gonna put a link to a demo day pitch. This is not your format. This is an 8 min pitch, but it was this guy from France who had this really thick French accent and we worked hard with him on doing a couple of things.
There were some English. Letter combinations that were difficult to pronounce. And so we found synonyms for him.
And then we played up the accent in certain places. I thought it was hysterical. I love it.
It anyway, it's worth watching if you have any interest or if you're thinking about how can I do a great pitch?
Okay.
When I have such a thick accent and. Give me one second and I will put it up there.
Here it is. Copy Dropbox link. Boom. And it's in the chat.
Now, and by the way, they built a great business and they're doing amazing. Yeah, so Kelvin, I.
You know, you hit the right things. You're gonna have to again, your pitch is on fire.
You're gonna have to take 25% of the stuff out to have enough room to have cadence and pacing and do it well.
Okay.
I think now it's about the delivery. But yeah, I think it's now about the delivery and getting confidence around that.
Okay. Yeah, thank you very much. Thank you, everyone.
By the way, those 2, if you guys are all this good, that's amazing. Cause this is like way better than, for instance, the last cohort when I did this with them where we were like, oh my god, that makes no sense.
We have to totally rewrite. You need a big opening. You need a so. I feel like you've put in some more work. So that's awesome.
Who's next? Philippe.
Yeah, hi everyone. Hi Troy. Yeah, my objective is like have this big opening more emotional.
I want to capture more investor. People like so. In, I'm gonna go 1st with the pitch and then with the demo.
So let me.
And what's the goal of the demo?
To show what we have today and where we are going.
Okay, and the goal of the Pitch is to get their emotions.
Get the motion first.st then, to say what we did with Walmart, that is kind of a large.
Brand large client. And then. Invite them for the demo, a for the demo to show them where we are and where we are going.
Okay.
Alright, so our homes are the spaces where we share moments with family, friends, children. They are full of memories.
Or spaces evolve over time. When you get married with the arrival of a new child. Or when your son goes to college.
We all seek a feeling of belonging with our spaces. We all want to feel at home. I mean, a world of design and beauty, we all aspire to live in a beautifully designed places.
Yet true design is neither affordable nor accessible for everyone. After pivoting our startup year ago, Connie, my co-founder and I knew we could enhance people's life by improving their living spaces.
So we created a SAS platform that is delivering in AI to transfer interior design. Providing consumers and business with tools for personalized decoration and an efficient efficiency directly from retailers.
With Walmart, we capture over 12,000 users in just 4 months. And we are continually learning from their experience to enhance our platform.
We are also deepening or understanding of the multifamily real estate business, specifically in decorating apartments for rent where we are actively streaming the process.
And Felipe CEO of Go House. Let me show you what we are doing and where are we headed.
Okay, so I don't have the benefit of having worked with you, but what, who is your customer?
Is it the retailer or the consumer?
Do they the retailer, they pay us the, commission, we integrate the platform in their e-commerce.
Okay, yep. So.
I feel like there might be a different way to pitch this. Let me try this on for size.
What do you call consumer products that are for the home, into your design? What's the category called?
Call for
Home furnishings. Alright. What I'm gonna try this on for size. Home furnishings is an incredibly competitive market with margins being driven down, down, down, and those margins being sucked up by advertising.
We've all seen the Wayfare ads. We've all seen the XYZ. We are a platform that allows consumers to interact with the retailers.
Okay.
And design custom spaces for them. Frictionlessly, flawlessly fast, whatever, blah, blah, blah.
And is a new way for those retailers. To reach their consumers. Our SAS product is sold to the large retailers embedded on their site, allowing their consumers to buy their products and design their spaces and make it just the way they want.
We already have Walmart as a customer and they've already gotten 12,000 consumers. To use our platform and by products from Walmart.
Okay.
We are Go House, I am Felipe. We are changing the way. Consumers buy. Home furnishings.
Oh, it was a little rough, but what do you think?
Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Very different. Yeah, totally.
Well, you say for sure, but it was very different from what you pitched, right? And I and the reason I did that is I believe that your customer is the retailer, the one who's gonna pay you.
Hmm.
And then you just have to make that bridge and you can probably make the bridge better than I did for why the consumer is gonna come to that site because of your software.
But. When you did your pitch, it was totally unclear to me who your customer was.
Okay.
Sure.
And by saying you're selling the retailers and then in the next breath saying, oh, and we already have Walmart, like holy shit.
Okay.
Question though, like, isn't some of the storytelling part important for investors, even if like it depends on fully Facebook, right?
Like if he's trying to be to be customers, then this makes sense. But more enticing to have like investor conversations.
The story was not helpful.
Okay.
Well, so what you might do then is So you might tweak what the objective of the video is.
Yeah. Okay.
So imagine you do that and then when you introduce the video, you say, and the best part is could consumers love our product and making spaces their own.
Let me show you why. And then the objective of the video is to show how much the consumers like it and how much it changed their lives.
It changed their space. And you can maybe wrap some of that storytelling into the video. So it's up to you, you could do it however you want.
Yeah.
Oh.
But as an investor, I would be more intrigued by the business model of your helping retailers who are already spending a bazillion dollars trying to get to those consumers, you're giving them another channel and a way to do it more efficiently and you already have Walmart as a customer.
Holy shit, show it to me. And then if in the video You have customers building stuff and you show have them saying this changed my life.
This made my apartment better this whatever. That's where you convinced the story. Is that what you were getting at, lilliana?
Yeah, I think that accessibility case is huge. Like I don't wanna lose that.
Yeah. Oh.
Yeah, and that this is accessible to anyone. And the fact that you're on Walmart.
Dot com kind of makes it accessible to anyone, right? Like. By definition, that's sort of the
Alright, perfect. Okay, a bit different, yeah. Yeah.
So try it. I mean, go what you should do. Bullet point it out try it on for size see how it feels you might like it better, you might like your story better.
Yeah, perfect. Right. Thank you for that.
Alright.
Okay.
Hey, can you hear me?
Yep.
Alright, yeah, so my the beach goes first, st after that video with explaining what's product is.
So my main goal for this demo day is to get connection and you know get investors on board.
And we're gonna raise in September but overall I just wanted to make connection with potential investors.
And, get them interested in our product.
So I understand that as a high level, but what is the narrow, more narrow objective of the pitch?
The pitch is successful if Is it? Do you have a particular point you're trying to get across?
So. Yes, so I wanna highlight the problem and solution. Right, so the problem is miscommunication between this Okay, okay.
Well, you'll tell me in the pitch. Yeah, yeah. I want to come into it.
It, raw just like the audience will. Alright, let's see it.
Okay, sounds good. Alright, pressure over 3 million web developers and digital managers work under the pressure of these deadlines while working on website projects.
Most of the delays are caused by miscommunication and fragmented feedback through the multiple channels like emails, screenshots, and chats.
Did you specialist and web developers spend up to 40% of their time on back and forth communication while working on that project.
It costs industry 64 billion dollars a year. But this is through line the development process by allowing users to collaborate on live website and pages communicate directly on the elements in digital assets.
Track progress in real time and share a visual feedback in the matter of seconds. It gives everybody who is involved in development process clarity on what has to be done and gets all team on the same page.
Literally on the same page. I'm DANCe you all at the V and I will show you how it works.
58 second.
Awesome. And, and I think last time we talked, I said, oh, is this like Canva for web development, right?
Well, it's a yeah, it's a life website copy that you can comment the assigned task on particular and web elements so everybody see what you mean by this red button.
Yep. Yep. And so then the question is, I'm just trying to hit the button, I'm talking out loud.
So you hit that size of the market and the size of the problem, you talked about whatever, 67 billion dollars.
I think it will be obvious when people see the demo. And I would just have a transitionary stage that says something about.
You know, now let's see how.
It'd be nice if you had a claim. So let's say your claim is we take 50% of the communication time.
50% of the time out of communication. I maym making that up, but imagine then in your transition saying, now let's see how.
We take 50%. Of the time out of communication for web developers. And then you transition to the video that's gonna show the how.
Okay.
Right? But you were very clear about the problem and you were pretty clear about the solution. And, or the other, the other thing that you could do in that.
Would be to talk about size of market. And so. You could say something like, you know, let's see how we're gonna change.
You know, the 10, how we're gonna change the workflow for the 10 million web developers in the US or whatever.
I made that up, but you know, I want you to have something like impactful on your transition.
Either the amount of time, the amount of dollars. Or the number of developers you think the total market sizes.
Okay, okay
That would be great. But it's thoughtful. It's good. You, you guys are doing well.
Thank you.
Who's next?
Hi, can you hear me?
Yep.
Great. Yeah, last time, you, you told me about that. We sound too much like consultant and, we should, publish it, for the customers to understand it easier.
So our pitch goal is attracting investors and I'd like to have kickstart meetings with them.
And that we are going to
So that's it. So I'm gonna, I wanna put a pause for a second. Every one of you that's raising money wants to meet investors and kick start meetings with them.
So let's be more specific. About what are you gonna do in the pitch that's gonna get you to get investors interest and kick start meeting.
I see, I see.
So what's the specific goal of the pitch itself? Like I'm peeling back the onion another level.
Got it, got it. I'd like to deliver the concept and then I'd like to.
Posts. I'd like to share our traction progress so that make them feel excited. Does it make sense?
Okay, so I'll start with them. So I'd like to get investors excited about our traction.
Okay. That's that is a more appropriate objective, right? I'm trying to get them excited about our traction and progress.
I can, right? Alright, and let's go. Let's hear it.
Yeah. So. Rombert is the word most straightforward way to utilize custom GPTs on communication platforms like Slack, Microsoft Teams, or Hubspot.
For companies that want to improve their work using AI. Rombert is no code solution that integrates custom GPTs into their work tools.
In less than 10 min into the weeks or month. You can create a policy assistant compliance assistant or whatever you want without coding or engineering.
Yeah. 5 months after launch, we attracted 50 pain customers including BCG. They say tons of resources by supporting 600 clients using Bromber on their Slack channel.
Let's see how you can benefit from rumba.
45 second.
Hey, you had a little more time. I don't feel like you set up the problem well enough.
You made it feel like a vitamin. Everybody wants to have Chat GPT in there.
Slack channel. The It would be great if you could make this feel like a pain killer.
And I'm trying to think about how to do that. So
What if you started? I'm making stuff up. This could be totally wrong. Snow.
I wanna be clear. I'm just making this up on the fly. What if you started by saying we all know how fast the world is adapting, generative AI?
Any company that does not have it deeply integrated into its business processes is falling behind today. Yet that process is very difficult.
Until now. Run bear is the tool that makes it the easiest to integrate generative AI into things like group chat chat, slack, blah, blah, blah.
In order to make your employees more efficient at creating. Searching. It's a i don't know quite exactly how but you know creating a efficient make them more efficient and keep up You know, so companies that don't have run bear either don't have the benefit of, of generative AI in their, in their work processes or are spending months and months and months trying to get there.
We already have 50 paying customers including BCG. We've saved the 600. BCG partner companies millions of dollars.
In time and expertise, blah, blah, blah. We are run. Let's take a look at how it works.
That's perfect. Yeah, Yeah.
Alright, it's not perfect. It needs a lot of refinement, but I like the idea.
Of trying to make it be a pain killer. If you don't have this, you are gonna die.
Like the world is changing rapidly and you gotta keep up and we just made it really easy for you to keep up.
Yeah, that's exactly what our client says. So yeah, that's really nice. Thank you.
Okay, great.
Right here.
Okay, art. Larry on the screen. There you are. Cool.
Okay, let me tell you a story. I was leading a recruiting team.
Hold on, hold on. What's the objective?
Oh wait, you gotta give us your objective.
Oh, all right, my bad. I'm sorry. So yeah, so the 60 second pitch.
Will be more of a storytelling of the problem. A real problem and then a demo video will be the benefits, with a client testimonial.
So, but what's the objective? So your storytelling for some objective, what's the response you want?
Storytelling is, well, the response on one is like to gain the interest of like, this is, we're trying to showcase a real problem.
Like the story telling us like sharing a real problem. And how the our Our product is the solution.
Okay, so the objective here is to get investors interest. That this is a problem solution worth worth pursuing.
Correct.
Awesome. Got it. Alright, go ahead.
And then the, demo videos showcase the product in the benefits in the client testimonial.
Okay.
Of utilizing our The EIR Q&A would be to share data to back the problem the solution in the market that we can serve.
Okay, let's go for it. Alianna's on the timer.
Alright. Sorry. Alright, so, let me tell you a story. I was leading a recruiting team of a prominent tech company and I had 2 customer service recruiters that weren't hitting their hiring goals.
Why? Because they had an influx of applicants, recruiters were juggling multiple roles and they lack time and resources.
Hell, we were pulling supervisors off the floor to help with pre screens. So I partner with the outside agency to use that screeners and my recruiters review resumes and put them in the queue for the agency to screen.
This enabled us to hire faster and the supervisors to be able to focus back on the operations. I'm Art and that strategy is what created Club Break.
We use AI to review resumes and produce a job matching score. High scoring applicants are instantly invited to screen with an industry expert interviewer.
This enables companies to screen faster and higher quality candidates. Also, we also bring a provide a better candidate experience for job applicants.
Let me show you how the benefits will. Let me show you how, let me show you the benefits and how a client is using us today.
That was 59 second.
Damn it, I was stumbling my bat.
No, no, that's good on time. So. Let me try something, cause it's interesting.
We just had, in my Kellogg class, we had Mike Evans, the founder of Grubhub, come in and talk about recruiting because he hired like 5 literally 5,000 people.
When he was running Grop Pub. And, he talks about casting a really wide net.
And then having a series of things in an automated fashion that will people will filter out of. And.
Alright, what if we talked about alright, recruiting and finding new employees is incredibly expensive.
It's expensive to do and it's expensive when you fail. It's not hard to get applicants.
Our average job gets over 500 applicants. The expensive part is figuring out which ones you should actually interview.
In the past, we did that with humans. Who are imperfect at screening resumes and looking at matches to skills, etc, and filtering it down.
Let me introduce you to Club Rec. Clubreck is an AI powered age agent. That not only knows how to match.
Resumes with skills for and filter output candidates for potential positions but it gets better with each one because it gets feedback.
Getting feedback from it's, from the process and improving along the way. Or Club Rec, we're going to help people.
Match. We're gonna have I don't know I have the closing here. We're club wreck. We're gonna help.
We're gonna help companies filter out the wheat from the chaff getting the best people in the best positions at the least cost.
Let me show you how it works.
That was really good. The thing I feel like is missing there that I had our ad, which I think could have been stronger in the way art did it, is that the I had our ad, which I think could have been stronger in the way art did it, is that the interviewees also have a better experience.
Oh, totally.
So it's like, it, it is that the interviewees also have a better experience. So it's like, It I think that's important.
I think the way you said it art was like kind of It was man you just said like also they like it too you should say like an interviewees love it like something like that like not only does it help the company it helps them have a better experience so that even more people want to apply to your company.
Okay. Something like that.
Right, yeah, our closing was I was supposed to say and I thought I was like it provides a better candidate experience.
Providing applicants with instant gratification. So like something of that nature.
I think that's I think that's a very important point that I missed. So sorry about that, but I like I would set it up as a problem like that.
So. Am I correct that most of the, most of the jobs that are open for you get literally hundreds of applications.
Yes, that's correct.
And that probably is because that all of these job sites now have a 1 button like apply now apply now apply now apply now.
Yeah.
It's got a quick reply, a quick apply. So you get. Candidates and then you get you have to weed out the trans candidates to find the
Yeah. And so you could set that up if you needed to at the beginning. For those who haven't done it, for those of you who haven't applied to a job recently, the world has changed.
With dozens of job listing sites and the quick apply button, the average application, the average job today gets over 500 applications.
The problem isn't getting candidates. The problem is filtering them. We used to filter with humans, blah, blah, blah.
So, are you suggesting like maybe like, omit the story telling? And go into exactly the problem.
Well, so when you say the story.
Right, because like, you know, I know that we mentioned something about like stories are really good, right?
We want to utilize stories. Stories and pitches.
Yep. So, give, what was your opening line again?
My story was about, when I was leaving the recruiting team for a, a prominent tech company.
Like telling a real story about I was leaving the recruiting team of a prominent tech company where I had 2 customer service recruiters.
Yeah.
Yeah, then you had to pull people off the line. So.
For me, so I do agree, stories are great. For me in this particular case I think the logic of why are there so many job applicants.
Actually more important than an anecdotal story of you had so many job applicants. You can go either way.
I don't think there's a right or wrong here, but I would. Hi, I tend to be very logical.
I'm an engineer. I tend to think that way. So I wanna ask the why. So I want to give I want to start with why there's such a problem.
Right.
You know. And there's a and most people will be surprised that there that the app maybe you open up with the average job application today has over 500 applications and I made that number up you got to get a real number but it will be shocking to most people.
Because you know people who are out recruiting 20 years ago which is who where your investors are we're like oh we put up an ad in the newspaper and we get 4 applications.
Right? The world has changed very dramatically. Because of job sites and because a quick applies and you know, and I think my perception is that 90% of those are garbage.
They're just people who hit apply apply apply don't even match qualifications.
That is a close percentage. You're right. It's around. It's like 91%, 91 92% of our job applicants are not a right fit for the role.
Right, so if you can get, if you can get data, so you know, you'd say, and.
From and you got a quote whatever the you know Charm or society of human resource manager whatever sure I'm sure 91% of those applicants aren't even qualified
But we used to have to go through all of them anyway. It was like digging for diamonds.
Now, we clear the mud. Club Break takes care of matching blah blah blah blah blah.
Gotcha. Okay.
No, thanks.
Hi. I, I want, I want to keep rolling.
Thanks. Just look in the chat. I was saying that that story, if you mix it, it can go in the QA where you say like, why are you guys the right people?
Well, I had 1st hand experience also blah, blah, blah, like talk about your boundaries.
Yep. Yep.
Okay, so.
Okay, J. Also try it's wild how you can. Think of the stats and be like one off.
Just skip.
Yeah. I was luck.
Okay. Okay. Yeah, I don't know. You got my last stats pretty close and our last pitch.
Good.
We've redone our pitch. We're gonna be focusing more on our customers and, Our goal is actually to get more customers and traction.
Investors will be secondary for us. So the pitch will be it'll be pitch video and then Q&A.
Our pitch will be setting up the problem and really honing in on our JTBD insights and our customer experience as well as our solution.
And then the video will showcase our product and really make them feel the difference. And in the QA, we want to use that time to really well, 1st we'll have like a slide with our QA, our QR code to our website.
But that'll be where we really talk about the market sizing and our team, why the, we are the right team to, solve this problem.
And that way if there are investors that are interested that'll be kind of the time to dig in a little more.
Okay.
Okay, cool. So. lilliana, do I just tell you I'm gonna start and then you time me?
Yep, I got you.
Okay, cool. I don't want to be that American tourist. This was one of the most common phrases spoken in our customer interviews.
People are tired of the way we travel and there is a growing consumer awareness on the impact of how we travel on the destinations we visit.
I've been working in travel for the last 15 years and I've personally seen the direct impacts of travel on over loved destinations like Hawaii.
In fact, 90% of travelers surveyed in 2023 that they want to travel more sustainably, but they don't know how.
Through to our tech stars insights. We found that people care most about finding these hidden gems that they couldn't otherwise find on their own.
Even further, they're sick of Tripadvisor top 10 lists and don't trust big brands like Expedia and Booking.
What they really want is to be in control. Have access to culturally immersive experiences. And make the most of their limited time off.
All the while, protecting the environment and supporting the local community. My name is Jennifer Lowe, CEO and co-founder of Tivars, and we are leading the regenerative travel movement for off-the-beaten path travelers to access unique, immersive experiences that are good for people on planet.
Want to travel better too? Join the movement. And then it'll go into our. Video.
So that was 1 12.
Okay.
Alright, so I'm gonna ask you a question that's gonna piss you off. Are you?
Are you about unique? Immersive experiences or about are you about saving the globe?
So I.
We're about saving the planet. But it's secondary to the unique immersive experiences. Like our selling point is the unique immersive experiences.
Yeah, because I think I think you have to lead with one or the other. And in a 1 min pitch, I don't think you have time.
Hmm.
And to do 2 because it's immediately I'm like wait a minute we're traveling we're going to for a, but I'm taking a jet airplane to get there.
I'm hurting the planet. I'm Bora Bor. I'm hurting that like, how do you like?
How do you reconcile that?
For me. Yeah, in 1 min and it's just too hard to reconcile in 1 min.
Hmm.
And so, and if you're trying to get the tourists, I think having
The appeal of the Nick, one off tour. Is gonna get you a bunch of people who are really interested and you can actually facilitate the lower impact just by the types of tours you offer.
And so you could attract. Both someone who wants a unique experience and doesn't care about the world.
And someone who really does.
So my gut says I would go with the uniqueness first.st And so I would be. You know, so I just saw I don't remember where it was.
I just thought, oh, I know where it was. I just saw a pitch where, you know, if you even the difference between signed a generic Go to booking.
Dot com and search for whatever hotels in Oakland. Or sign in and have been someone who's .
You will get the same list of hotels because booking.com is just putting it in order in a particular order that has nothing to do with you individually.
Right? Planning a trip on booking.com means that you get the same. Attractions, hotels, and opportunities that the other And then you gotta have a number, 500 million people who went to booking.
Dot com this year saw. If you want something unique, if you want something off the beaten. Trail.
Where are you gonna go to find it? Tripadvisor doesn't have it. Expedia doesn't have it either.
That's why you have to come down. You know, come see us. What we do differently is boom boom boom boom.
And then there's a way to. Make it, you know, feel exclusive and feel and then if at the end you say, you know, not only are we giving you the most, you know, culturally immersive, unique experience.
We do it in a sustainable way.
I think whenever you talk about the sustainability piece, Jala, you are not educating the audience enough.
You need some sort of palpable story. Like I think I said this in the other. Session with the video like a really good story it's like they are going to have to close the ruins in South America in the next decade because people keep taking rats.
There's not gonna be something left if like every person that goes millions of people they all take rock and there's no there's no stone left Something like that.
Like that's what I always think of when you say regenerative travel, cause I heard it that story in high school, but like something like that, because like Troy said, it sounds like you're talking about like the earth and the climate and like carbon and the plane, but that's not what you're talking about.
You're talking about the communities that they go to and they leave an impact. On the place they're going.
Yeah.
It's less about like the air travel and other stuff like that. So like you need to be cleared because I see Troy's point that people could not understand the minute that you start talking like ecological, what do you mean?
Yeah, so Lisa and I actually went on one of the conservation experiences this weekend and I think like what we're realizing is it's It has to be both.
It can't just be one or the other because we're sending people to these unique exclusive sacred sites.
Right, we're not like just sending them to Molokini to have another They're getting to like go into like protected watersheds to like actually go and like replant trees.
And like do things that. Most people wouldn't want to do. And if they don't have that inclination of wanting to protect the planet, then they don't belong there.
Right? Like we talked to Max Temking about this.
Yup. Okay, okay, I got it. I got it. So.
Let me try one more time then. Okay, booking.com 500 million people blah blah blah you all get the same thing and You're destroyed, you know, and that level of travel is destroying a lot of the most beautiful places in the world.
We offer a series of of excursion a series of trips that are not only exclusive off the beaten trail and deeply immersive.
But they while you're there, you actually make the place better. Let me give you an example.
Costa Rica trip with the howler monkeys and the blah blah blah where you're planting trees to replenish after there was a wildfire.
A trip to blah, blah, blah, where you're, you know, and give, get, make it concrete or it's like, oh god, I would love.
So for those people who want to see the unique and give back. Or the best possible solution. Let me show you some examples.
Hmm. That feels more right.
But then it's I understand so until Lilian said that I thought this was like low carbon.
Yeah.
I didn't understand that it was about planting trees and about, I mean, I think about the people like I have a couple of friends who've taken their kids to do, habitat for humanity kind of projects and you spend a week building houses and helping and and like those are transformational for the kids to think, oh, I help like look at what we built.
Look at what we created. And I feel like it's sort of, now I understand.
Yeah. Yep, yep, yep.
So whatever it was you said in your 1 min and 12 seconds, I didn't get it.
Okay.
And I and I had or even had a little bit of a predisposition of what you were doing, right?
So. I wonder if there's a story. About the most meaningful vacation. Or the most meaningful travel experience.
Or you could talk about, you know, a most meaningful travel experience I had. Was the time that I went.
You know, hiked into the backwoods. Planted these trees did this thing knowing that not only did I experience something unique But I made it better and those trees are gonna be there for a hundred years.
Alright, yeah, we'll give us a thing. But thank you for the peek back in.
Give it a think. Yes.
Yeah, thank you.
And you can include the quote like I didn't wanna be that tourist who goes to the place only to take.
Like I felt so good that I was giving back. Bye, this was great food for that. Let's go.
Okay.
Hey.
Hey, hey, good afternoon, Troy. So the goal of our pitch is just to highlight the problem statement, and the high level solution.
And then the product video will go into. The demo and the key benefits. Of our product.
Okay.
And then just fair warning, this is really rough. We're still working on it.
But here it goes.
I've seen the sausage be made a few times, don't worry.
Okay, so the legal industry has largely remained unchanged over the past 3 decades has largely remained unchanged over the past 3 decades.
Today, lawyers still manually draft and review every contract. Today, lawyers still manually draft and review every contract, a process that consumes hours and often becomes a bottleneck for businesses eagerly, lawyers still manually draft and review every contract, a process that consumes hours and often becomes a bottleneck for businesses eager to This is precisely why we see a significant opportunity for disruption in the legal industry, especially in the realm
of agreements and contracts. My name is Samarth Gupta and I am the CEO of Lexi Q.
I'd like side key, we're harnessing the power of generative AI to modernize contract drafting and analysis to bring lawyers into the 21st century.
Gartner predicts that the legal tech market will be valued at over 50 billion dollars globally by 2027 due to genii.
We add lex IQ are poised to be pioneers leading the charge and capturing poised to be pioneers leading the charge and capturing this emerging market.
Join us on our journey to transform legal tech and empower lawyers.
55 seconds.
I think it's pretty good and clear. I have a suggestion for the opening though that Maybe the only the older lawyers would get.
But instead of saying it just saying it hasn't changed in 30 years, I would say the the legal and the productivity in a legal industry hasn't changed.
In 30 years since lawyers discovered copy and paste in Word Perfect. And like poking a joke about like how today what we're really doing is copying and pasting.
And throwing the word perfect thing in there because lawyers used Word Perfect for like decades beyond when anybody else. Like everybody else is on Microsoft Word and Google Docs and they still loved Word Perfect for some reason.
Right.
And so it'd be a little bit of an inside joke that anybody who is around back in the day would get, right?
But I think that idea, it also it paints a vivid picture, right? You know, the biggest productivity boost.
You could even say it a little differently. The biggest productivity boost that lawyers have had in the last 40 years is when they discovered copy and paste and Word Perfect.
It hasn't changed since. Let me tell you how we're gonna, you know. I think that at least for me that would resonate.
You'd get a truck a lot of me and, and it then is very visual that what they're doing today is copying and pasting and what you want to do is actually generate custom stuff.
Right. No, that makes perfect sense. Okay.
I think it's good. Now I do have a question about your fundamental, so as a.
As someone who deals with a lot of contracts primarily around investing, one of the things that's great is that they're all these standard forms, right?
There's the YC safe and there's the CCC DAX and the NVCA docs.
And so I don't have to spend a lot on legal anymore because every contract is basically. The same template with just a few things tweaked.
I'm nervous that if you had AI generate a safe that it's going to be different. And now I'm gonna now on the other end I'm gonna have to have lawyers reviewing it seeing how it's different.
Do I care like There is some benefit to the fact that things have been standardized and copied and pasted.
So just give that some thought, cause that might be an objection that you're gonna get. And if you think you've heard that, then maybe you address that in the QA.
Got it, got it. Yeah, yeah, the idea is that we actually ingest a lot of those templates, play books, etc, to inform the drafting.
Review and analysis that our AI kind of output.
Yeah, but if you, my point is that if you do that, let's say you're on that side of the deal and you then send over a custom GenII AI drafted contract.
And now I gotta look at it. It's not the same. Like when I look Get a YC safe.
All I have to do is to see that there's only 3 things that have changed. Right? The amount, the cap, and the discount.
Like that's it. Nothing else changes. And so it's really easy. I don't even need a lawyer for that.
Right.
Okay.
But if you send me a custom version. That's different from the standard template. I'm at the reviewing side, I'm gonna have to have a lawyer look at it.
Right. Okay.
So just something to think about.
Okay, who's next?
Okay, next person is Antonio.
Let me get you.
Okay, so the goal of my pitch is to have the audio commit audience commit to $50 to get into the VIP presale.
Campaign. The pitch is gonna be telling a story of a challenge that, and it's gonna be more of emotional.
Then followed by the video. So the features to tell why we are doing this. By the way, we are building the ordering of mental wellbeing.
That's what I wear is about. So the pitch will tell the why. The demo video will tell the how, how does the product works.
And then the Q&A will tell the. More details about the psychology, the neuroscience behind these products.
And the go to market strategy.
Okay.
Alright. Are you happy? Please raise your hand. How do you know?
Years back I wasn't happy and I didn't know it. I was at high state jobs.
I was a readable, anxious and overweight. I knew something was off, but I couldn't tell what that was.
Indeed an act on it. Until I got sick and tired of being sick and tired. So I decided to do something with it.
I lost 40 pounds in 12 months by tracking exercise and calories with my Apple Watch. Yet it took me 8 years of experimentation with mindfulness to get to a better state of mind.
Tracking my emotion was the key. Name it to take it. I'm Antonio Foreanza, CEO of Aware.
And where is a wearable that continuously monitors our emotions and gives us insight to accelerate our journey to become a better version of ourselves.
A better parents, a better employer. A better leader. Aware empowers you to take control of your mental well-being and build your happiness every day.
Okay, that was 1 0 4.
Yeah, and you didn't really have a transition to to the demo. I think you do need to have a transition about what you want them to look at, you know, see how it works or whatever.
I don't love the opening asking people a question. It's awkward if I'm in the audience.
You don't know how long to wait if I'm in the audience. I'm like, well, do I am I happy? I think I'm happy.
I don't know. What's everybody else doing? It's you don't want to make people feel uncomfortable.
In your 1st 3 seconds. So I would probably, I'm gonna make up numbers again. I have no idea.
What the real numbers are. But, you know, if you said something like, you know, research, research shows that 78% of people are not as happy as they could be.
More importantly, of those people, 95% don't even realize it. You could be one of them.
I was. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Right? So like, use data.
To make a statement that is surprising. I especially like the, you know. And again, I totally made it up.
You know, 7, 8% of them aren't even aware of it, you could be one of them.
Or 78% of them think they're happy but aren't.
That could be you. I know because it was me. I had a great job, I did a thing, but you know, blah, blah, blah.
I think that would make it more fun.
It was.
Yeah.
And you need more emotion when you're telling that personal story, like even when Troy just did it, different than when you set it in.
Yeah, you tended to be very, so there's an interesting thing here. You tended to be very monotone.
Yeah.
And very deliberate in pacing and blah, blah, blah. And you're talking about a business.
Where, you know, we're talking about caring and people and well-being and happy and the your delivery and the actual product seem way out of sync.
Just saying.
Yeah. No, you're right, and that's because I was reading. So I'm hopeful that it will be more like that's that's the thing that I'm struggling a little bit with like a memorization versus just Just let it go, be natural and.
Yeah, I like be off script basically. I mean here I see your point. Yeah
Yeah. Yeah, and one thing and I am gonna have to go in in 2 min. One thing that's really important.
Is practice how you wanna play. So I was an athlete in high school and I didn't understand this.
The coaches had us do all these drills and I would just kinda do it half-ass because I didn't and what happened was when I got in the real match, I would execute the way I had practiced.
Half-ass and kind of, because that was what my muscle memory was. When you are practicing your pitch.
You want to be building the muscle memory for how you're going to deliver it. And so it's not sufficient to just be reading it in a monotone and be getting through the words because that's because when you get nervous and you're on stage, you're gonna default to what's most comfortable and what's most comfortable is the thing that you've done the most often.
And so when you're reading it. Literally, even if you're reading it off a paper.
Give it some personality. And the thing you have to realize is I'll make this 1 point and I'll be done.
If you've ever gone to the opera. The characters look like they have faces, whatever, all this stuff.
But if you ever see them upfront and up close, they look like cartoon characters. They have like red circles painted on their cheeks and ridiculous amounts of lipstick and ridiculous amounts of eyeliner and that's because when you're standing in the audience you know, 100 yards back.
You need that kind of intensity on the face for any of it to get through. And the same thing is true of your speaking.
The stage will add a lot of distances, lilliana said. And so you have to be overly expressive and it would feel unnatural in a 1 on one situation.
But in a big crowd it feels great. I mean, think about what like some. Your favorite musician who is at the Super Bowl doing in the half time show.
Like think about how crazy over the top expressive that would have been if you were in the same room with them 10 feet away.
But when you're on TV or you're, you know, a hundred rows back. It looks great and you all are gonna have to do that.
You're gonna be overly expressive. And it's gonna come off great. Alright, I do need to roll.
I'll got try. Thank you for your time.
Thank you so much.
It's good to see you all. Alright, take care. Good luck.
Thank you so.
Good.
Thank you.
Bye, everyone else. Everyone else can pitch Detroit next week when he comes back. Bye everybody.
Okay.
And Delta, you can share a recording with us. Trying to, to review it, I think, but your ER that you have right now and we can do it.
Okay. Thank you.
I gotta jump to another call